c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PublishrdEnvironment\PublishrdEnvironment\bin\Debug\PublishrdEnvironment.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PublishrdEnvironment\PublishrdEnvironment\bin\Debug\PublishrdEnvironment.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PublishrdEnvironment\PublishrdEnvironment\bin\Debug\Alchemy4Tridion.Plugins.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PublishrdEnvironment\PublishrdEnvironment\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PublishrdEnvironment\PublishrdEnvironment\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PublishrdEnvironment\PublishrdEnvironment\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PublishrdEnvironment\PublishrdEnvironment\bin\Debug\Tridion.ContentManager.CoreService.Client.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PublishrdEnvironment\PublishrdEnvironment\bin\Debug\Alchemy4Tridion.Plugins.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PublishrdEnvironment\PublishrdEnvironment\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PublishrdEnvironment\PublishrdEnvironment\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PublishrdEnvironment\PublishrdEnvironment\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PublishrdEnvironment\PublishrdEnvironment\obj\Debug\PublishrdEnvironment.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PublishrdEnvironment\PublishrdEnvironment\obj\Debug\PublishrdEnvironment.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PublishrdEnvironment\PublishrdEnvironment\obj\Debug\PublishrdEnvironment.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Final\PublishrdEnvironment\PublishrdEnvironment\bin\Debug\PublishrdEnvironment.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Final\PublishrdEnvironment\PublishrdEnvironment\bin\Debug\PublishrdEnvironment.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Final\PublishrdEnvironment\PublishrdEnvironment\bin\Debug\Alchemy4Tridion.Plugins.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Final\PublishrdEnvironment\PublishrdEnvironment\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Final\PublishrdEnvironment\PublishrdEnvironment\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Final\PublishrdEnvironment\PublishrdEnvironment\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Final\PublishrdEnvironment\PublishrdEnvironment\bin\Debug\Tridion.ContentManager.CoreService.Client.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Final\PublishrdEnvironment\PublishrdEnvironment\bin\Debug\Alchemy4Tridion.Plugins.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Final\PublishrdEnvironment\PublishrdEnvironment\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Final\PublishrdEnvironment\PublishrdEnvironment\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Final\PublishrdEnvironment\PublishrdEnvironment\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Final\PublishrdEnvironment\PublishrdEnvironment\obj\Debug\PublishrdEnvironment.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Final\PublishrdEnvironment\PublishrdEnvironment\obj\Debug\PublishrdEnvironment.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Final\PublishrdEnvironment\PublishrdEnvironment\obj\Debug\PublishrdEnvironment.pdb
